>> Richard Feldman: Let's
move on to the exercise.
>> Richard Feldman: All right part4.
>> Richard Feldman: All right so
about README and
talks about TODOs in three files.
So we have three different files that are
each over overly broad, they're not narrow
enough in terms of how they could be with
the types that they're working with.
>> Richard Feldman: So
the first one is viewTabs.
Assistively it's only working with tabs
and yet it's taking the entire model which
means any time we're thinking about
making a change to the model we say yeah,
that change could potentially
impact viewTabs So
we're going to need to change it so
that it takes a narrower,
more specific type that gives
it sort of only what it needs.
On the settings page,
we have a similar situation.
This form again, is taking the entire
model, it does not need to be.
And finally,
on the profile page In this case,
we have something that is
also sort of of the same,
it has the same problem where it's taking
the model and it doesn't need to be, but
it also has additional arguments that
give it something more specific.